# GraphicsStateParameterElement Class

This class represents the graphics state parameter dictionary. This is definitively detailed in:.

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-1:2008 PDF 1.7; Table: 58, page 128.](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/standards/pdfstandards/pdf/PDF32000_2008.pdf#page=136)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-2:2017 PDF 2.0; Table: 57, page 162.](https://www.iso.org/standard/63534.md)

``` System.Object WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.Element WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.GraphicsStateParameterElement ```

## Method Description GraphicsStateParameterElement Create a new GraphicsStateParameterElement. inherited methods... &nbsp;

## Property Description EntryType Represents the "Type" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryLW Represents the "LW" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryLC Represents the "LC" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryLJ Represents the "LJ" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryML Represents the "ML" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryD Represents the "D" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryRI Represents the "RI" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryOP Represents the "OP" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. Entry_op Represents the "op" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryOPM Represents the "OPM" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryFont Represents the "Font" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryBG Represents the "BG" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryBG2 Represents the "BG2" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryUCR Represents the "UCR" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryUCR2 Represents the "UCR2" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryTR Represents the "TR" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryTR2 Represents the "TR2" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryHT Represents the "HT" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryFL Represents the "FL" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntrySM Represents the "SM" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntrySA Represents the "SA" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryBM Represents the "BM" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntrySMask Represents the "SMask" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryCA Represents the "CA" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. Entry_ca Represents the "ca" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryAIS Represents the "AIS" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryTK Represents the "TK" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryUseBlackPtComp Represents the "UseBlackPtComp" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. EntryHTO Represents the "HTO" entry of the graphics state parameter dictionary object. inherited properties...