# PixMap Class

A bitmap based image.

``` System.Object WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Objects.IndirectObject WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Objects.StreamObject WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Objects.PixMap ```

## MethodDescription S&raquo;&nbsp; FromXImage PixMap static constructor. &nbsp;CompressCcitt Compresses the image using CCITT compression. &nbsp;CompressJbig2 Compresses the image using JBIG2 compression. &nbsp;CompressJpeg Compresses the image using JPEG compression. &nbsp;CompressJpx Compresses the image using JPEG 2000 compression. Decompress Decompress the data in the stream using on-the-fly resizing. Flip Flip the image horizontally or vertically. &nbsp;GetBitmap Get the PixMap image as a System.Drawing.Bitmap. &nbsp;Realize Converts the image to component color. &nbsp;Recolor Converts the image from one color space to another. &nbsp;Resample Changes the number of bits per color component. &nbsp;Resize Resizes the image. &nbsp;Rotate Rotate the image clockwise. Save Saves the PixMap to stream attempting to preserve resolution, color space and depth as far as the output format allows. SetAlpha Sets a constant alpha value (0-255) for this image. SetBitmap Set the content of the object as a Bitmap. SetChromakey Sets a chromakey transparent color for this image. ToGrayscale Converts the image to grayscale. &nbsp;

## PropertyDescription AutoFix Whether to automatically fix corrupt images. BitsPerComponent The number of bits per color component. ColorSpace The ColorSpace for this image. ColorSpaceType The ColorSpace for this image. Components The number of color components for each pixel. Height The height of the image in pixels. ImageMask Whether this image is a one bit image mask. Mask Any one bit image mask associated with this image. Matte Any matte associated with this soft mask. SMask Any soft image mask associated with this image. Width The width of the image in pixels.