# JSValue Class

JSValue represents a value or an object reference inside the JavaScript engine.

``` System.Object WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.JavaScript.JSValue ```

## Method Description &nbsp;DefineProperties Defines a list of this object's own properties. &nbsp;DefineProperty Defines this object's own property. &nbsp;GetProperty Gets this object's property. &nbsp;SetProperty Sets this object's property. &nbsp;HasProperty Determines whether this object has a property. &nbsp;DeleteProperty Deletes this object's property. &nbsp;Equals Determines whether the specified object is strictly equal to this object. &nbsp;GetHashCode Gets the Boolean value of this Boolean value. GetDocObjectID Gets the Boolean value of this Boolean value. &nbsp;Call Calls this function. &nbsp;GetBooleanBool Gets the Boolean value of this Boolean value. &nbsp;GetNumberDouble Gets the Double value of this number. It fails if this value is not a number. &nbsp;GetNumberInt Gets the Int32 value of this number. It fails if this value is not a number. &nbsp;GetString Gets the String value of this string. It fails if this value is not a string. &nbsp;GetStringLength Gets the length of this string. &nbsp;GetValueBool Gets the Boolean value of this value converted to Boolean value using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;GetValueDouble Gets the Double value of this value converted to number using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;GetValueInt Gets the Int32 value of this value converted to number using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;GetValueString Gets the String value of this value converted to string using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;ToJSBoolean Gets a Boolean value from this value using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;ToJSNumber Gets a number from this value using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;ToJSObject Gets an object from this value using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;ToJSString Gets a string from this value using the standard JavaScript conversion. &nbsp;

## Property Description ValueType The type of the value.