---
title: "default"
css: "abcpdf-docs.css"
---

# GraphicsState Class

The graphics state as saved and restored using the PDF save and restore graphics state operators.

``` System.Object WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Operations.ContentStreamScanner.GraphicsState ```

## Method Description GraphicsState Create a new GraphicsState initialized to default values. Clone Create a deep copy of this graphics state. &nbsp;

## Property Description CTM The Current Transformation Matrix (CTM). StrokeColorSpace The name of the current stroking color space. FillColorSpace The name of the current stroking color space. StrokeColor The component values defining the stroke color in the current color space. StrokeColorName The stroke name used when selecting patten color spaces. FillColor The component values defining the fill color in the current color space. FillColorName The fill name used when selecting patten color spaces. LineWidth The line width for stroked paths. LineCap The line cap for the end of stroked paths. LineJoin The line join between segments of stroked paths. MiterLimit The miter defining how sharm mitered joins may be. DashArray The dash array defining the lengths of shown and unshown parts of a path. DashPhase The length at which the first item in a dashed line starts. RenderingIntent The rendering intent determines how colors may be adapted to better fit with the limitations of the output device or color space. Flatness The degree of precision to use when drawing curves. Smoothness The degree of precision to use when drawing color gradients. StrokeAdjustment Whether to apply stroke adjustment or not. BlendMode The blend mode to be used when transparency is in use. SoftMask The soft mask to be used for transparent clipping. StrokeOverprint Whether to apply overprint when stroking. FillOverprint Whether to apply overprint when filling. OverprintMode The overprint mode. BlackGeneration The black generation function or name. UndercolorRemoval The undercolor removal function or name. TransferFunction The transfer function - either a function or name. Halftone A halftone dictionary or stream to be used when converting continuous tone images to monotone. StrokeAlpha A constant alpha value to use when stroking paths. FillAlpha A constant alpha value to use when filling paths. AlphaIsShape Whether alpha should be used to define shape or opacity. GlyphWidth The width of a glyph. GlyphWidthBounds The width and bounds of a glyph. TextCharacterSpacing The spacing between adjacent characters as expressed in unscaled text space units. TextWordSpacing The spacing between adjacent words as expressed in unscaled text space units. TextHorizontalScaling A factor to be used to horizontally scale text. TextLeading The distance between lines as expressed in unscaled text units. TextFont The name of the current font. TextFontSize The scale factor for the current font. TextRenderingMode The text rendering mode for text. TextRise The amount by which text should be shifted up as expressed in uncscaled text units. TextKnockout Whether text knockout should be applied.