# StandardLayoutAttributesElement Class

This class represents the standard layout attributes. This is definitively detailed in:.

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-1:2008 PDF 1.7; Table: 343, page 597.](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/standards/pdfstandards/pdf/PDF32000_2008.pdf#page=605)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-2:2017 PDF 2.0; Table: 378, page 770.](https://www.iso.org/standard/63534.md)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-1:2008 PDF 1.7; Table: 344, page 600.](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/standards/pdfstandards/pdf/PDF32000_2008.pdf#page=608)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-2:2017 PDF 2.0; Table: 379, page 774.](https://www.iso.org/standard/63534.md)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-1:2008 PDF 1.7; Table: 345, page 604.](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/standards/pdfstandards/pdf/PDF32000_2008.pdf#page=612)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-2:2017 PDF 2.0; Table: 380, page 778.](https://www.iso.org/standard/63534.md)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-1:2008 PDF 1.7; Table: 346, page 608.](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/standards/pdfstandards/pdf/PDF32000_2008.pdf#page=616)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-2:2017 PDF 2.0; Table: 381, page 782.](https://www.iso.org/standard/63534.md)

``` System.Object WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.Element WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.AttributesElement WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.StandardStructureAttributesElement WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.StandardLayoutAttributesElement ```

## Method Description StandardLayoutAttributesElement Create a new StandardLayoutAttributesElement. inherited methods... &nbsp;

## Property Description EntryPlacement Represents the "Placement" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryWritingMode Represents the "WritingMode" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryBackgroundColor Represents the "BackgroundColor" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryBorderColor Represents the "BorderColor" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryBorderStyle Represents the "BorderStyle" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryBorderThickness Represents the "BorderThickness" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryPadding Represents the "Padding" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryColor Represents the "Color" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntrySpaceBefore Represents the "SpaceBefore" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntrySpaceAfter Represents the "SpaceAfter" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryStartIndent Represents the "StartIndent" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryEndIndent Represents the "EndIndent" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTextIndent Represents the "TextIndent" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTextAlign Represents the "TextAlign" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryBBox Represents the "BBox" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryWidth Represents the "Width" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryHeight Represents the "Height" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryBlockAlign Represents the "BlockAlign" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryInlineAlign Represents the "InlineAlign" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTBorderStyle Represents the "TBorderStyle" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTPadding Represents the "TPadding" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryBaselineShift Represents the "BaselineShift" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryLineHeight Represents the "LineHeight" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTextDecorationColor Represents the "TextDecorationColor" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTextDecorationThickness Represents the "TextDecorationThickness" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTextDecorationType Represents the "TextDecorationType" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryRubyAlign Represents the "RubyAlign" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryRubyPosition Represents the "RubyPosition" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryGlyphOrientationVertical Represents the "GlyphOrientationVertical" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryTextPosition Represents the "TextPosition" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryColumnCount Represents the "ColumnCount" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryColumnGap Represents the "ColumnGap" entry of the standard layout attributes object. EntryColumnWidths Represents the "ColumnWidths" entry of the standard layout attributes object. inherited properties...