# ProcessingInfo Class

Provides generic information relating to the [Operation.ProcessingObject](../1-operation/3-events/1-processingobject.md) event. The information about the source of the operation is available here when [ProcessingObjectEventArgs.Object](../2-processingobjecteventargs/2-properties/object.md) is null if the source is in a non-PDF format.

``` System.Object WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Operations.ProcessingInfo ```

## Method Description ProcessingInfo ProcessingInfo Constructor. &nbsp;

## Property Description SourceType Gets the type of the source object to be processed and the stage of operation. Handled Gets or sets a value that indicates whether the event handler has handled the event so that the operation skips the default processing. X Gets the x-coordinate of the location of the source object. Y Gets the y-coordinate of the location of the source object. Width Gets the width of the source object. Height Gets the height of the source object. DocNumber Gets or sets the document number of the source document being/to be processed. DocCount Gets the number of documents in the source object. PageNumber Gets or sets the page number of the source page being/to be processed. PageCount Gets the number of pages in the source object. FrameNumber Gets or sets the frame number of the source frame being/to be processed. FrameCount Gets the number of frames in the source object. FrameRate Gets the number of frames per second for the source object. BackgroundColor Gets the background color of the source object. StreamPosition Gets or Sets the stream position of the source object, if applicable. StreamLength Gets the stream length of the source object, if applicable. Text Gets the unicode Text of the Source Event, if applicable.