# LegalAttestationElement Class

This class represents the legal attestation dictionary. This is definitively detailed in:.

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-1:2008 PDF 1.7; Table: 259, page 478.](https://opensource.adobe.com/dc-acrobat-sdk-docs/standards/pdfstandards/pdf/PDF32000_2008.pdf#page=486)

[The ISO PDF Specification, ISO 32000-2:2017 PDF 2.0; Table: 264, page 590.](https://www.iso.org/standard/63534.md)

``` System.Object WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.Element WebSupergoo.ABCpdf13.Elements.LegalAttestationElement ```

## Method Description LegalAttestationElement Create a new LegalAttestationElement. inherited methods... &nbsp;

## Property Description EntryJavaScriptActions Represents the "JavaScriptActions" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryLaunchActions Represents the "LaunchActions" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryURIActions Represents the "URIActions" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryMovieActions Represents the "MovieActions" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntrySoundActions Represents the "SoundActions" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryHideAnnotationActions Represents the "HideAnnotationActions" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryGoToRemoteActions Represents the "GoToRemoteActions" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryAlternateImages Represents the "AlternateImages" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryExternalStreams Represents the "ExternalStreams" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryTrueTypeFonts Represents the "TrueTypeFonts" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryExternalRefXobjects Represents the "ExternalRefXobjects" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryExternalOPIdicts Represents the "ExternalOPIdicts" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryNonEmbeddedFonts Represents the "NonEmbeddedFonts" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryDevDepGS_OP Represents the "DevDepGS_OP" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryDevDepGS_HT Represents the "DevDepGS_HT" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryDevDepGS_TR Represents the "DevDepGS_TR" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryDevDepGS_UCR Represents the "DevDepGS_UCR" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryDevDepGS_BG Represents the "DevDepGS_BG" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryDevDepGS_FL Represents the "DevDepGS_FL" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryAnnotations Represents the "Annotations" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryOptionalContent Represents the "OptionalContent" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. EntryAttestation Represents the "Attestation" entry of the legal attestation dictionary object. inherited properties...